Our medium fidelity prototype is built with MarvelApp, a Free online tool that
handles animations and screen layout. The prototype itself is designed and
built with photoshop, with icons from iconfinder.com.

Our app can be run both on the MarvelApp iOS app and online at
https://marvelapp.com/d245f9. Our app has 4 main functions.

=Details and Limitations=
==Food Selection==
The crux of our app lies in food selection. For now, we've only enabled
interactions for one meal (breakfast), and one of the food selections
(Breakfast Cereal). The layout will be the same for the other options, and we
chose to only prototype out one option for time's sake. We have yet to
implement Recents and Favorites, but it will likely look very similar to the
meal page, with a list of foods that the user has recently viewed or favorited.
The process of adding items to the cart, and ordering it is also faked for now,
but you can go through the flow and see what it would feel like to go all the
way through and get to the cart.

==Data==
We want to let the user be aware of what they're eating and how they're doing
from a dietary standpoint. So, we came up with a couple of graphics to
visualize this information. Of course, the data is all hardcoded, but we
intended to create graphs such as these to keep the user informed.

==Dietary Tips==
This page shows the top news regarding diet and nutritional health. We've
curated the content by hand and chose particular articles for this case, but
you can imagine that real product pulling from some online source. The articles
that we link to are also just screenshots of the articles, not the actual
webviews.

==Profile==
Here, the user can configure their details. In the future, we want to make all
this interactive, allow the user to personalize the app by actually inputting
their photo, their age, gender, weight, and height (right now, this is a static
value with a mock popup number chooser). The sliders and toggle switches are
all static images as well. 

==Link==
https://marvelapp.com/d245f9
